people in which way oh it's a swale Shh
okay it's like oh wait hey guys why is
it this way
I'm on YouTube right why is it vertical
I just look but I did that instead of
rotate hi guys
hold on it's not letting me rotate this
is so strange
alright so this hurdle call for you guys
alright how do I fit what's up this is
not New York how are you guys doing
what's not peachy pan so guess where I
am I feel like you guys get the vibe
look at that view okay the echo jokes
not funny not funny at all so I'm doing
a livestream cuz I'm doing this is my
first live stream on my iPhone I'm doing
it vertically so this is interesting
very interesting a vertical live stream
I tried to tell my phone but then I get
a lock screen it says rotate device it
doesn't like when I do do it resolve
anyways special guests are you ready
hello people all around us what's up
it's I I hear what do you have to say to
the Internet
oh I just want to say congratulations on
being a subscriber I'm sorry Dee cheese
aya jealous of you even though I'm also
a subscriber so you know we're in the
same boat
we're filming at the club I don't know
if you can tell but it's just stunning
you got tall buildings I got tall
mountains
boom boom boom okay I'm gonna make John
what do you want
everyone's like kiss kiss kiss makeout I
mean we should drag that title yeah plus
we don't kiss anyways I want oh nice
more grab I want I want that triple
double dip dab double dip dab yeah that
requires like something with your hands
do it do it do it on I want you to do
escape ask a trick while dabbing
here we go kickflip I just say 100k I
knew that yeah I knew that are people
saying go kick my hair it's very windy
homies I have a question are you yes
yeah a little bit umm question for you
guys are you watching this on your
YouTube out or are you watching on
desktop and if you're watching my
desktop I guess I'm sorry that it's
vertical
it says bad connection hard flip
landscape yeah cuz I turn it this way
and then YouTube says rotate device like
it wants me to go over to do works with
them no way what happens when she
rotates it yeah I mean when it rotates
does it oh you know I maybe it's gonna
started this way you did that's weird
YouTube okay we're learning together I
want to keep on doing lectures every
time it just messes alright I want you
to do a a tre flip a switch tre tre flip
I'm gonna do a quick QA so fire up those
questions
Wow
how was your flight
it was fantastic Oh is the wind loud
anything about noise John will be my
windshield
alright I'm gonna do a quick four-minute
QA it's a lighting good like this yeah
it kind of sucks because we have to be
backlit for the wind not to affect us
what's your vision after 10 years you
have a 10 year that's really long
the only goal of mine is to create
something in the world to make oh my god
again with this exist the only thing I
love y'all fave song right now I would
say the new Oh Wonder song if you guys
listen to Papa lecture look up Oh wonder
they just released a new song and it was
amazing like Kendricks oh yeah
DC or marvel I would say marvel I think
we are in we're near the Palisades
I am so normal exactly
next Thursday I'm obsessed with I
probably like me honestly how are you
liking the Sony I'm down
are you I happen to not eat meat very
often and see this is interesting too
when I go live my desktop in May because
I just didn't push it like I normally
average around 500 to 600 concurrence
and it's half that so I wonder if it
just didn't get pushed as much live
streaming is interesting so basically
the reason why I'm doing this and maybe
vertical it looks good that I like the
UI looks good do you have a one screen
on No I'm doing this on my phone so
usually in the past the live streams
have been with a camera and with a
microphone I'll maybe get a phone
microphone this is with an iPhone baby
okay do you remember what is a thing
with people in school this I think I'm
too old for this how P chickens once a
so PG PG so peachy okay so basically I'm
just doing a live stream because things
I think I started out this week pretty
strong with three don't videos
but you know I came to California a six
hour plane ride I wasn't able to get my
edit done in time and so I was just like
let's livestream with the dune in
California so I am in California shows
up vertical to Sun phones like this it
shows a vertical like that oh wait
really yeah
that's dumb if that's the case this is
actually super alive yeah okay um
quickfire questions are you gonna move
are you gonna moving together
that's a really easy simple answer not
for a while we both live in our states
it's a very good you asked for some
light so I just felt like doing the ops
yeah any plans for kids kids yeah I
think we're planning on adopting what
did you eat today in the next convalesce
poop so okay like this or that questions
pineapple on pizza or no pineapple with
you two I'm down yes I know you're huge
against it you know have you ever smoked
weed no you didn't like once yeah right
thrice thrice probably thrice in my life
now I haven't smoked anything in my
entire life peaches on pizza pineapple
on pizza is good okay awesome this is a
very yeah well we'll in the stream with
another skateboarding trick are you
gonna do another video that I just seen
she's coming to New York we'll probably
hang in here so sorry actually started
eating you know choking me a karma cake
or cupcakes cupcakes
they're gonna get in there even there
even thoughts on Katie nice dad I don't
know who Katie nice tat is dude don't be
rude I think she's awesome
okay socks or no socks I'm wearing socks
with footballs lately yeah okay let's
just I just want to show you
John's shoe situation I know but they're
they're cool and you see the no more
yeah he's wearing peak van okay okay so
usually wear sandals I do one sock only
hey where did John get issues most skate
shops have these vans in right now Mike
OS or Windows Mac Mike did I see Mike
you said Mike Mike shout-out please oh
wait shut up I always say then I don't
read the shout-out because I'm like you
start with one ok Internet kids can we
ever get to see Internet kids you did at
VidCon that is a great question because
that's actually the biggest reason is
cuz I'm here at all those a John the
other reason is tomorrow I'm actually
going to the screening of Internet kids
at YouTube space la so they're doing a
screener is that Freddy yeah yeah yeah
and then the next day it's gonna be live
on Vimeo for you to read that just got
very intense that's so awesome yeah yeah
something like a year ago if you go into
the premiere of that yeah yeah so you
will get to see that documentary Sarah
tried all it okay so let's end it off
with you
I've never even like tried to ollie so
let's see where I'm at right now and
then we'll do a follow-up blog
right of me oh yeah during the Holly I
am alright alright wanted awesome do you
want one with like your skateboard in it
yeah yeah alright one two three
take care my god you have the accent and
his name is Charlie Charlie
[Music]
what's happening your hairs wet from my
mouth you need to enable super chat I
don't know what super try this all right
hold it yeah I would do in the grass
first because we don't want to you know
we don't want to miss I try to find the
hardest part because this is so sandy
it's a zoomed-in all right here we go
right here's a little harder we're going
she's running yeah of course
alright so so here's what sucks it's
probably not gonna happen because I even
I can't really ollie on sand so I would
I'll show you the motion though yeah so
it's a hard hard pop on the tail to
where you have to hit it hard enough to
where the board would naturally go like
this and then you slide up your front
foot really fast to level it out and
then you have to push your front foot
forward really fast what's stuck in
there in the ground
it kind of is I don't know if I can
Ollie would like that yeah Paulie is not
[Music]
yeah yeah even I can't like yeah I'll
get there I'll get there eventually fans
do it
subscribe to John how to see the real
hey bro
yeah this isn't your livestream John
Hill there's gonna be a video tomorrow
[Music]
yeah so we'll see how uploads after
it'll be when you watch on your phone
you can hit the entire phone but what
you guys have been saying was it's
showing up stay PG okay okay where's the